plus the night before Christmas and all
through the borough the children were
snuggled their presence
rantarou but this tales not about
presents or Santa or ponies it's about
three dudes three bros 3 ride or die
homies gentlemen 14 years ago this very
night I lost my family you guys have
been with me every single Christmas
since then tonight we have decided to
end this tradition Kris is just too
famous hangouts anymore I think
about to have a baby
this is for you you have been such a
rock throughout this whole pregnancy
you're like my Dwayne Johnson thank you
I just focus on yourself just cocaine
cocaine for 11 years I don't think no
one has I don't think I have a present
for you we're going to the best
Christmas party in New York City so that
gives us several hours to hit as many
traditions as possible
[Music]
I think the cocaine the mushrooms are
reacting really are you gonna be cool at
this party
cool spook Jeep you're looking st. only
your right eye is working but look weird
oh yes you look weird
still weird weird oh yes mister singing
Miley Cyrus she destroyed wrecking ball
you still like that though everybody
does
you can cry to it you can run to it yeah
I can party to it timeless
[Music]
I'm gonna be honest I'm freaking out
about having the baby I'm supposed to be
a rocker but I'm not breaking I'm not
that kind of church Jesus that what they
think we did take it can they tell I'm
Jewish yes okay oh don't you dare throw
up in here swallow it like a girl would
[Applause]
I've been having pretty crazy night I'm
gonna level with you a little fight
right now
Oh